Minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee
January 27–28, 2026

A joint meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System was held in the offices of the Board of Governors on Tuesday, January 27, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. and continued on Wednesday, January 28, 2026, at 9:00 a.m.

Developments in Financial Markets and Open Market Operations
The manager turned first to an overview of broad market developments during the intermeeting period. Respondents to the Open Market Desk Survey of Market Expectations (Desk survey) continued to see the economy as resilient and again marked up their forecasts for real gross domestic product (GDP) growth in 2026, while their expectations for headline personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation and the unemployment rate were little changed. Market- and survey-based policy rate expectations were likewise little changed. Market-based measures of policy rate expectations indicated one to two 25 basis point rate cuts this year, and the median modal path of the federal funds rate, as given in the Desk survey, continued to indicate expectations of two 25 basis point rate cuts this year.

Shorter-term Treasury yields were little changed, while longer-term yields rose a few basis points on net; the Treasury curve steepened slightly as a result. Near-term inflation compensation continued to decline amid lower-than-expected consumer price index (CPI) readings, lower energy prices, and lower-than-anticipated pass-through of tariffs to customers; forward rates suggested that near-term inflation would stabilize close to current levels for the rest of the year.

The staff projection for economic activity was stronger than the one prepared for the December meeting, reflecting incoming data, greater expected support from financial conditions, and a small upward revision to the projected path of potential output. Real GDP growth was expected to outpace potential growth through 2028 as the drag from higher tariffs waned and as fiscal policy and financial market conditions continued to support spending. As a result, the unemployment rate was expected to decline gradually starting this year, moving below the staff’s estimate of its natural rate by the end of the year.

Participants’ Views on Current Conditions and the Economic Outlook
Participants observed that overall inflation had eased significantly from its highs in 2022 but remained somewhat elevated relative to the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal. Participants generally noted that these elevated readings largely reflected inflation in core goods, which appeared to have been boosted by the effects of tariff increases. In contrast to prices for core goods, some participants commented that disinflation appeared to be continuing for core services, particularly for housing services.

With regard to the labor market, participants observed that the unemployment rate had held steady, on net, in recent months, while job gains had remained low. Most participants noted that recent data readings such as those for the unemployment rate, layoffs, and job openings suggested that labor market conditions may be stabilizing after a period of gradual cooling. Almost all participants observed that while the level of layoffs remained low, hiring remained low as well.

In their consideration of monetary policy at this meeting, participants noted that inflation had remained somewhat elevated and that available indicators suggested that economic activity had been expanding at a solid pace. They observed that job gains had remained low and that the unemployment rate had shown some signs of stabilization. Against this backdrop, almost all participants supported maintaining the current target range for the federal funds rate at this meeting, while a couple of participants preferred to lower the target range. Those who favored maintaining the target range generally viewed that, after the 75 basis point lowering of the target range last year, the stance of monetary policy was within the range of estimates of the neutral level.

Committee Policy Actions
In support of its goals, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 3-1/2 to 3-3/4 percent. In considering the extent and timing of additional adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. The Committee is strongly committed to supporting maximum employment and returning inflation to its 2 percent objective.
